Well, I'm sorry that we're starting a bit late, but I think now it is all up and running. Before I wanted to make sure that the automation, the IPA itself is also working on the monitors, but I don't think that I will be managing to do that. So first, in front of you, you have a package with the slides that I also will be showing. All right, well, I think everyone, thank you very much for making the time for this focus group. The first, to introduce, well, I did a presentation before about the purpose of my thesis, but as a reminder, this study explores the use of intelligent process automation, in short IPA, in IT audit workflows aiming to enhance efficiency. The purpose of this focus group is to evaluate the IPA solution for comparing a policy versus evidence for a test design in IT audits. You will be examining two specific use cases to gather your feedback on its functionalities, quality and effectiveness, and providing insights on the effectiveness, efficiency and quality to identify possible improvements, challenges and limitations by reviewing output of the IPA. Well, first, I would like you to introduce yourselves for a bit, then I will do the first use case, which is authentication, the second use case, change management, do an evaluation and lastly a feedback and recommendation sections. First, I would like you first to introduce yourselves for a short while. Bob, can I ask you to start? Yes, sure. So, my name is Bram Dijkhuis, this is my third year at KPMG, also started as a thesis intern, primarily doing data analytics within the IT audit, and I'm living in Utrecht. I'm not sure if you knew me. Yeah, I think the experience in IT audit is indeed mainly data analytics, but I've also done a number of IT understandings, but also some regular GITC testing and change management testing. Yes, well, I'm Fay, this is my second year at KPMG, and just like Bram, I also do data analytics within IT audit, but also just SOC reports and FSA. My name is Bas, I've also been here for two years and started at the same time as Fay. I mainly do assurance engagements, not data analytics, but mainly SOC reports and FSA reports. I'm Dominika, I'm a senior consultant working for KPMG for a little over five years, half a year in the Netherlands. Yeah, mostly assurance reports, and for the past two years, focusing only on ITACs, not GITCs. Okay, hello everyone, Srishti here. Almost five and a half years of experience in KPMG and half a year in KPMG Netherlands. I have, I think, a fair amount of experience in assurance reports. Back in India, that's what I was working on. Here, as well, same, but SOCs and now DMA audit and everything. Well, then moving on to the first use case, which is authentication, and like I said before, the goal is comparing an authentication policy versus the evidence of a test of design using the built IPA solution. I would like first to show you all the policy, which is just a verification that it is something similar that you would look at during audit yourself. If you could maybe scroll or have, like, just a validation that this could be a possibility that would be used during an IT audit. It is multiple pages, so you could scroll if you'd like. It's a policy relating all kinds of segments? Yeah, it's just quite a generic authentication policy, yeah. But only on authentication or also on...? Primarily authentication, yeah. I think this is more password related. Yeah, in this case it is more password related, yeah, that's true. Wait, I'm going to the next page or...? Okay. Storage and management. Critical access. Wait, let me know when you're ready. That was the first page, sorry. Hmm, yeah. Yep, alright. Is this thing recording? I don't think you're allowed to record. Okay. No, it just doesn't allow you to record. Alright. Well, that's also fine. You can record with that laptop though. Sir? You can record with that laptop. Yeah, that is fine. Or you can record with Snapchat. Or with PowerPoint. Okay. Well, I'm also recording it with my... It should be okay. Oh, but sometimes it happens. And this is one piece of evidence. I discussed this before with someone else. And this should be a representation of a password... Configuration. Password configuration, exactly. From what kind of system? Windows. Windows 8? Yeah. Yes? I won't leave you. I'll see you tomorrow. Alright. Done. I would like one of you to maybe interact with this interface. And... Input the policy and evidence. Is it interactive? Yes or no? First, I will upload files, right? Policy. Evidence. Save. And then, what's our question? Password policy. Is it... Subject? Password policy? Subject? Yeah, it's the subject. Is the... Policy... Configuration... Yeah, is the configuration, yeah. The evidence. And then I can... That's the configuration. Downloading it? Yeah. See you next week when it's downloaded. That'd be fun. What's the average growth time? Oh, they're finding something. Could you maybe elaborate on what you're seeing and what your opinion is about that? Like, in the first glance, what do you think? First glance? Yeah. I like that the conclusion is at the top. That gives a very fast... I think that summary of findings should be below conclusion, no? Like, that's the first thing I read, actually. Summary of findings. But does that mean there is a finding or not? Oh, yeah. And also... There are findings, so it should be...

I think conclusion should be above the summary of findings. All right. Yeah. Also, my only thing with this is that maybe this is true, but I would like to see it. So, you can have the spatial analysis. Yeah, that would be where the policy. Yeah, it's where you got it from. All right. You have a couple of post-its on your thing. Can you please put what you think? The green ones are supposed to be positive. The red ones are supposed to be negative. And I gave you a bunch, so feel free. And, yeah. Yellow. Yellow. It also has a missing picture, so it's kind of cool. It's like things that aren't included in the policy, is what I'm reading. I don't know if that's true. I think it's confusing. I would like to have, like, no policy evidence of inclusion, but... Oh, OK, nothing. Maybe... Nothing. That's what I was thinking. OK. I'll take one point per... Preferably, yeah. OK. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. OK. OK. Can we go, maybe, to the little notes? Where does he get missing controls from? Yeah, this also, for me, is fake. But we should write it as a fake. But, like, if there's a template he has in the back, that's like, these are all controls that are usually in an RCM. No, based on the policy. So whatever you have in the policy... It's not included in the integration. Oh, OK. That's why I thought it was confusing. That's why I thought it was confusing, because you would think that... Confusing. Like, what's the difference between mismatches and missing controls? No, because here you have policy evidence, and here you have just policy. There's no evidence. Yeah. Yeah, OK. So it's missing in the evidence. But wouldn't you want just one list with everything that's missing? What? Wouldn't you just want one list with everything that's missing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um... But, yeah, I get it. There is just... It is in place, but not correctly in place or something. Mismatches, yeah. Like that. Yes. The thing is, there's nothing at all. Yeah. If you're all done writing, could you please put the post-its on the board? And maybe create some sort of thematic analysis. Are there certain themes that are common to you all? Or what... Yeah. Are there similarities? Oh, you want to group them? Yeah, group them. Yeah. We can do style. Are there similarities? I think, for example, style. I have that the good about the style... Not so. Not so. Yeah. But the good thing about the style I had was that there was not too much info. And that we're using bullet points. But I... Yeah, it's a small thing. I didn't like the emoji being there. Yeah. It gives judgement. Yeah. So, style... Where was the emoji? Information. Like the checkmark, yes. Oh, it is. Yeah. I'm using bullet points. What is this? I'm confusing everything. Did you guys have feedback on the style of the report? What? On the style, how it's, let's say, looking. Yeah. Precise added. Added? Yeah. Let's see where it is. Oh, sorry. Maybe it's possible to see it. Yeah? Precise. I'll do that here. Yeah. This could be a big one to do. Oh, yeah. Is this style? Yeah, I would also... I'm going to put the evidence there, I think. Yeah, I don't think. Yeah. Yeah, that's not in style. This is style, I think. Yeah. Oh, this is as well. Thank you. What? Too many good things. I'll just do evidence. Yay. Thank you. Is someone joining the meeting? No. Can I leave the meeting? Because it's distracting. Can I just close it here? You can just close it. Yeah. Oh, I should have pressed off the camera. Wait, but now... Oh, he was in the meeting. He was sharing his screen. Oh. But there was nothing shocking. But you can share your screen, you know. You can... Oh, there it is. Yeah, this is so good. Yeah. Is there a... Will it give some type of thing if it's unable to evaluate a part of the table, for example, part of the configuration? Will it say, like, we were unable to evaluate this? Like, does it give its own... This is just in general. Does it give its own limitations? Like, if you had the configuration and it was two pages, and he wasn't able to read one of the pages, but he, for some reason, wasn't able to read one of the pages, what would be the feedback? Would it just be, like, can't see? Probably just feedback on the first page. Yeah, but there's no, like... There's no verification about the second page. Maybe there should be, like, reviewed page one and page one to five. Just a completeness check whether it went through the whole thing. And what I now wrote is, it's only comparing what the policy is versus what the evidence is. I would also take a consideration based on all its best practices. I would have expected, let's say, type of hashing or whatever, but that's not configured in the policy or in the evidence. Then I would like that to be represented as well. I'm not sure if that's already doing it. That's not, no. It purely looks at the... Actuals versus... At the documents it is providing. I have some more there. That's, like, the question that we asked, right? We didn't ask... No, we asked whether policy is in line with that. Oh, yeah, okay. So we didn't ask, but if we ask it now, we can give it a shot. You want to do? Yeah. What is missing?

what kind of evidence is missing based on the policy and evidence provided based on best practices or something. But then he should have defined best practices. I'm not sure if he has, I don't think he has. What kind of evidence is missing based on best practices or the, or other standards or something like that. Some standards, yeah. Also, does it object to the time stamp of the evidence? Like, is it from the last year? What will we do with that? This also, you always have to upload the document. But if you already did, then you have to re-upload it again. Yeah, that's true. It's not in memory. It's not. Of course, it's a demo, but ideally, you would like to have it in memory. The papaya, yeah. The papaya. But it's still really nicely built for a demo and the time you have, it looks really nice. It's easy to pick out negative things. Is there also, is it also an idea to have general prompts, like evaluate this evidence, so that not everybody has to, that we have the perfect thing to ask the AI instead of maybe people will forget some of the, and then also have one being custom. But also like evaluate evidence. It does, it does. It's additional observation regarding missing evidence based on best practices or the evidence lacks detail. But where does it take this information? I want to know where the, yeah, where it's coming from. Okay, it does, it does, does it a little bit, but not very confidently, I would say. Again, what is the reference document? Yeah, that's the key part. Maybe, give me a shout when you're ready to move on to case two. I think that will be my main feeling as well, to see where it's info coming from, maybe some reference, or that you can click on the section and then it opens it from the policy or evidence perspective. Because we need the reference as well. So if we have this, we still need to find our references. Yes. The quotes that those are between the text are, should be straight from the policy and our evidence. We cannot see that. That is true. I think we're ready for the next case. Yeah, all right. Okay. It links to my phone to see how much I drink. I believe you. All right. Well, primarily, same thing as case one, put it in this. What's the case two area? In this case, it is change. Oh, wait one second. I'm a bit too. This one. This is the policy. Okay. Is the most important question, is it representative of something you would come across on a daily basis? It's very concise, but yes. I think in the policies in real world are less precise and more the way more. Like not so many bullet points. Yeah, messy. Texts. And also there is usually a signature. The signature. Signature by somebody saying it's updated. Yeah, and the date. Yeah, and the date. Well, maybe we can ask if this doesn't have it. I think the essentials are in there, but when you read a real policy, then the difficulties is in finding where, what is stated. And now you see really clear here. Rules is this, governance is this, but when you read a real policy, it's like reading the Bible and finding. Like 600 pages and then one page is necessary. I think in terms of information, it's reflecting the real world. I think this will be easier to scan than let's say a real world scan. Should I upload the evidence? Also the evidence part. Oh yeah. Okay. This is an extraction from Jira. Where code is asked to push through production. This is the only snippet? This is the only snippet? This is the only snippet. Maybe my first feedback, I would expect way more evidence for one change. In terms of testing performed. So let's see if the... Yeah, let's see. Can you upload multiple evidences? Or just one file? For now it's one file. Okay. Do you want to see it again? No, no, no. I was just asking if we can upload like, if possible, like multiple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Oh exactly, that's a good idea. We can also make a very vague problem. What is the... Is it good? What is the similarity? Is the change management ticket handled according to the... Oh yeah. Should we do it? Yeah. Okay. Do we maybe remove this and make a new one? Or would you like to do that? I guess the... I've... Or I can help you with it. Oh we can make a new one. What do you want? No, it's fine for us. Leave it there. And then we'll... Do you want to edit or do you want to make... We have two pages per piece. I have another exercise planned, but it's fine. Yes, if we remove it or we can use it here. Would that be also... Or you can just like... Yeah, just stretch it. I can rip it, you can keep it. You can keep it. Yeah, that's good. Yeah, great. Great. Thank you. All right, and? It's a specific question. It's a difficult one. They asked for it. Oh, it also says optional. We don't even have to do that? You can do that. You can say... Yeah. Work. Is it... Work. Test. Do my work. Do my work. And then we'll go for coffee. What do we want to see when we check testing? I want to see that the... I think it should have a... There you go. There you go. I'm also not a very good... Just the list of what the policy says that it should... Yeah, like the bullet points of our testing. Policy says this. Of our testing. Okay, but I won't make a matrix with the... Because now... Yes. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It just says it's part of... What kind of bullet points do we expect? Also on our best practices. So we expect that there's... How many of you was... Yeah, what are all the approvers that are saying the policy are... Are there correct approvers? What are the things? Of the approvers testing... If it was tested before going into production. Yep. And the growth before production. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think segregation review, again, is very important. Also, who the approvers are, what their roles were, I think. Yeah. Yeah, maybe difficult, but for sure, yeah. It's important. Yeah. Yeah, let's see if that's perfect. Conclusion is what? The review of the... Yeah, but for the segregation of the roles and stuff, that another evidence should be included in that. Yeah. However, I saw in the evidence that the approvers had a name and behind the name, there was death of manager, something like that, which in real life... Would knock out. That's the case. So in this case, they can get it out of the screenshot. Yeah. They would be able to see it. Also, it should not be the same development review. Yeah. The review of the GILA ticket against the change policy reveals that the use of GILA and some aspect of the change classification are aligned with the policy. There are mismatches in approvals, potential... For me, the conclusion is very vague and not giving any... I think you should probably have a conclusion that picks from three options, but I don't think he would be deficient. Yeah. Is it good? Not effective. No, it's partly good. Yeah, it's like, maybe this is good. Also, I think it should give more... This just says that the GILA ticket was used for managing a change request.

like what kind of change? I think the conclusion can be longer. That should be also there in policy, right? It can be longer. Yeah, but now we don't get any information about it. Needs an actual conclusion. Can be, and also maybe, like, what is the result actually? Like, effective, non-effective. What should be there? I think that was all right. I think we have both of you, and I think that we have not. Anyway, it's repetitive, and I don't know. Okay. Absolutely. Okay, description. They found this. Evidence. This is the title. This is the description. Where is business justification? It matches. So where is it? What do you mean? So it's saying title, description, and business justification is matching. Right? I'm assuming this is description. No, sorry, this is description because they've written it. This is the title then. Like, one of the things is missing. We don't know what. Maybe title or business justification. I think this is missing. Business justification, right? No, I can't see it here. Maybe the 990 is a 1326 is a business justification? I don't know what a business justification is. If we go to the evidence, will it refresh? If we change the tab, will it refresh? We have that. I don't know how to navigate my book. Do we have justification? This is the title, right? A great bank. Oh, it also took these. Change reason. Yeah, it took the subjects. Oh yeah, this is the ticket number I think. Yeah. Rarity. There is no business justification. Yeah, the reason maybe. I'm doing the same thing. It's not great. Oh, tell me that. He did. Oopsie. I think justification is the reason they have upgrade written here. So we are going back to what you were asking in the previous stage. That if something is missing, they should state that it's missing and not just basically not put any conclusion on that. Yeah. I don't have to say. Did we put it there? No, I put it here. Oh, okay. Short summary. Yeah, short summary statements. What do you mean? We were saying that title, description, business justification. It says that it matches, but based on what we saw, it matches just the title and description. So we are missing the business justification. There is nothing here Yeah, but I think it's a fault from this system that thinks it matches because it took the bottom. Look, it took the way to get to this ticket as a title and then this is a business justification is what I think that it took. This is the path to get to the ticket. And it took it as like it read it as the title, description, business justification. But still, there should be three things, right? Yeah, I agree. So maybe like this didn't check it properly. True. Doesn't that just go back to us? It should be more specific so we know exactly. It needs a snippet of where it goes, right? Yeah, because the description here doesn't say title, maybe that's not the title. No, exactly. Maybe coloring where it comes from. Yeah, so it would be great that all changes require with fields, title, description, business justification, title and policy as title. If evidence is this. Just a table with policy, evidence, and then title. Oh, even this. Because this is a little bit... This should also be mismatched. Alright, two more minutes. Maybe a kind of thought from you. Now we're comparing, of course, the policy versus evidence, but in the core it also doesn't matter what the policy states. Are we only checking what policy states or are we also checking what it should? No, that's okay. This is about policy and evidence. But maybe recommendation for research. I think that's included in there. But if you upload, instead of the policy, you upload the control description, then it would also work, no? Then you have to check control against policy, control against evidence, and evidence against policy. But that's what we're doing without AI right now, right? But if you have... You wanted to have one step instead of three, which we are doing. Also, I think one check should be with system. If I write evidence in a text file and upload it, will it also take it as evidence? If I write all of this in a text file and upload it as evidence, will it take it as evidence? That should not. That should not be the case. What system is evidence coming from also should be one check. And if it's recent or not. For password, let's say. If it's last year's evidence, this will not give a mismatch or deficiency, right? But we don't know. Maybe it does. Because it says GRF ticketing system. But we signed the evidence and there was no... Yeah, maybe. It just always says GRF ticketing system. Yeah, maybe it always says GRF. They should upload no and then see. But yeah, I mean, I don't know. Remark for them. Do you want to say that? Yeah, my favorite. Oh, there's additional information as well. Maybe you also need to incorporate a disclaimer at the end. This was all done with the use of AI and I don't know if it's for real. With the other one, it sets a disclaimer. At the bottom, it says something. In this one, no. May display inaccurate information. Oh, I'll do it. Make it longer. Make it longer. Be bold. You could also give a pop-up before you read it. Don't use this. What I did for my thesis is I made certain characteristics of an IT author that these are mentioned here on the screen. In this case, for the IPA, a couple are relevant. Which are these. These are mentioned inside the following rubrics which are also in your documents. These are mentioned in the IT author characteristics section. And I would like you to fill out this matrix with a score of 1 to 5. The scores are outlined here. And possibly, if applicable, a reasoning. Based on what you've seen with the system. This is the evaluation of the system. This thing is applicable to this. But that was like IT author characteristics. What? These are characteristics of an IT author. I made a couple which are applicable to a technical system. In this case, IPA. I would like to evaluate this by use of this matrix. The accuracy is 1. I'm saying that there were too many errors in your system. 1 is very poor in terms of accuracy. 2 is some errors. This is on good faith. We already found one error. It can't be a 5. We need to quantify.

Ah, sorry, het zit er niet in. Ik kan gewoon cirkelen. Nee. Wat? Hm? Oh, nee. Ik dacht dat je het had gezien. Sorry. Sorry. Haha. Oh, ik zal dit een keer verwijzen. Oké. Sorry. Haha. Technische expertise, analytische skills. Analytische skills, technische expertise. Ja. Ik denk dat ik iets anders wil. Het zou ook kunnen, misschien, ik zou zeggen dat je moet, de bewijs is, geef me meer bewijs, of zoiets. Haha. Ja. Geef me meer. Haha. Haha. Wat heet de website met alle andere standaarden? Alex. Hm-hm. En de standaard heet? Kaart. Kan je even? Ja. Oké. Wat heb je hier? Actionability. Is er een noodreferentie voor bewijs? Hm? Noodreferentie voor bewijs? Ah, zo. Ja. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Oké. Zit hier alles in orde? Is het oké als ik geen tekst heb voor iemand? Ik weet niet wat ik moet uitleggen. Nee, dat is oké. Zit hier alles in orde? Zit hier alles in orde? Nee, oké. Ik was net aan het kijken of ik alles had gekocht. Wat is je volgende stap voor je thesis? Ik denk dat ik deze moet reviewen. Voor de toekomstige onderzoek en ook voor jouw werk? Ik denk dat ik een programma gebruik in de volgende weken. Je doel is om deze fixes te gebruiken? Ja, gebruik deze fixes. Ga je ook met Koen praten over dit? Ja. Met onze feedback. We hebben testknoppen gebruikt. Ik weet het niet. Dank je wel. En dan... Wat zijn jouw feedback en recommendaties in het algemeen? Deze zijn heel specifiek, maar ik bedoel meer generele dingen. Misschien wat Bas zei, we kunnen ook recommendaties hebben voor de ingang. Zoals de prompt die we schrijven. Om een lijst te geven, een drop-down menu. Ik wil dat dit dit is. Of een drop-down, want dan heb je geen optie. Misschien een grijze optie. Of een custom optie. Dat is heel handig. Je hebt verschillende opties die je kunt kiezen. Ja, lees het in tijd. Als je het wilt kiezen, of je kunt beide opties kiezen. Ik denk dat het uit het context van jouw onderzoek komt, want het duurt te lang om te implementeren. Maar ik zou ook graag snippets willen zien. Ja, dat is heel belangrijk. Ik heb het een paar keer gehoord. Of je kunt ook de pagina referenceren. Dit document, deze pagina. De politie document is normaal gesproken zo'n 60 pagina's. Dus als je de paginabetekening kunt referenceren, dat zou al handig zijn. Of het duidelijker maken dat er iets komt van het document. Je zei dat deze kwotaties van het document komen. Misschien kun je wat kleurencoding gebruiken om te zien, alles wat in geel komt, komt van dit document. Alles wat in blauw komt, komt van dit document. Het zou heel mooi zijn als er een document op staat. En als je op de... Zoiets als datasnummer. Als je op de tekst klikt, de conclusie. Als je op de tekst klikt die in het document wordt gehoord, dan krijg je dat. Ja, de bovenkant voor de politie en de onderkant voor de bewijs. Het zou goed zijn als er verschillende bestanden worden geüpload. Ja, verschillende bestanden. Voor de bewijs en voor de politie ook. Gewoon een selectie. Omdat de bewijs eigenlijk meer dan één bestand heeft. De meeste tijd.

history would be great to make sense I'm actually very interested in what other people say about this I think it has potential to remove us is it only plan for like the policy and methodology compared to calculations and I had to like look whether it makes sense and the calculations were in Excel and you have this long formulas and they're referencing different so like do you envision that in the future something like this can be used this is the best version of anything I've seen I think the biggest hurdle will be getting it like through the goal and through like approved that we use a system like this and also like take conclusions off of a system like this that is hard how are we allowed to use this do we need any to audit this yeah well since I think it's yes it is 11 well thank you very much all for your time I think yeah it's a lot of feedback so yeah no thank you very much for your time

